Initial commit on the table of notifications for emails (#55)
aiven/klaw-docs: docs/docs/howto/notifications/email-notification.rst

Email Notifications
===================

Email notifications can be sent to users when actions are performed in Klaw that require their attention.

Skip to see all notifications sent and to which users: :ref:`Email matrix`

Configure email notifications
-----------------------------

> Email can be configured in the Klaw-core's appplication.properties, followyour email providers documentation to configure email notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email can be configured in the Klaw-core's appplication.properties, follow your email providers documentation to configure email notifications.
```
